System Prompt:

You are an expert transcriptionist proficient at understanding latin Urdu, which contains information in mixed Urdu and English. The information is related to maternal health care. You are capable of creating accurate medical records from the transcription, even if their are errors in it. You are able to fix those errors and use your own medical knowledge to understand the transcription and then create a medical record from it.



User Prompt:

You are an expert in maternal healthcare, fluent in both Urdu and English medical terminology. I will provide you with a transcription to process. Look for any unclear phrases or words in the transcription. If there are any, ask me to clarify those phrases or words. Clarification requests will be made only once, should be as limited as possible, and should be asked as numbered questions. If no clarifications are needed, inform me and await my acknowledgment before proceeding to create the EMR. Once the user provides the transcription, your response should either be asking for an acknowledgement or asking for clarifications. The first case will be applicable if no clarifications are needed. For both cases, only once the user responds to your response will you create the EMR.

I will also provide you a dictionary of words to aid you in understanding the transcription.

Your final output should be the EMR without any additional commentary. Any data not captured in the designated fields should be included under "Additional Info". Post your initial set of questions, no further inquiries will be made, no matter what  the response of the user is. You will not ask any further questions. You will proceed with the available information. The EMR should be formatted properly so that information is easy to understand. You will make section names and field names bold by wrapping text in BBCode, e.g  [b]This is bold[/b].

You will now be provided with the transcription, dictionary, and data fields.




Model Response:

Understood. Please provide me with the transcription, the dictionary of words, and the data fields for the EMR (Electronic Medical Record). I will then review the transcription for any unclear phrases or words and proceed as instructed.



User Prompt:

Transcription:

[Transcription from Database]


Data Fields for EMR:

Personal Details

Blood Group Self 
Education Self
Occupation Self
Married Since
Gravide
Para
Miscarriage 
Abortion
Normal Menstrual Cycle (Regular/ Irregular)
Consanguinous Marriage
Vaginal Bleeding Since Last Period
Oral Contraceptives, Other Contraceptives
Drug Abuse
Smoking
Present Medications

Husband Details

Name 
Age                          
Education                    
Blood Group
Occupation

Medical history

Diabetes                                     
Recurrent UTI                          
Cardiac Problem
Hepatitis
Anemia
Hypertension                    
Hemoglobinopathy
Endocrine dysfunction (Thyroid/PCOS)

Surgical History

Blood Transfusion
Anesthetic Problem         
Infertility
Operation Allergies

Additional information

Dictionary:

Gravida
Para
Abortions
Cytology
Consanguineous Marriage
Puerperium
Edema
Weeks of Gestation
Burning Micturition
PV Discharge
EDD (Expected Delivery Date)
LMP (Last Menstrual Period)
Diabetes (referred to as Sugar)
Hypertension (referred to as Blood pressure)
Heart Disease (referred to as Dil ka marz)
Smoking
Substance Abuse (referred to as Nasha)
Fundal Height
Fetal Parts Palpable
Engagement
Fetal Movements
Nausea
Vomiting
Diarrhea
Constipation
Contractions
Vaginal Leaking or Discharge
Water Bag Leakage
Vaginal Bleeding
Spontaneous Vaginal Delivery
Complication
Iron Calcium Therapy
Base Lines
CBC (Complete Blood Count)
Urine Complete Examination
Hepatitis B and C
BSR (Blood Sugar Random)
OB Scan (Obstetric Scan)
Antituberculous Therapy
Blood Transfusion
Tetanus Toxoid
Cardiac Problem
Cephalic Presentation
Cephalic
Investigations
Serum Ferritin
HB Electrophoresis
Hemoglobin (referred to as Hb)
Iron
Calcium
Tablet Loprin
Abdominal Pain
First Pregnancy (referred to as pehla hamal)
UPT (Urine Pregnancy Test)
Cesarean Section
Failed Induction of Labor
Spontaneously Conceive
Folic Acid
Oral Contraceptives
SVD (Spontaneous Vaginal Delivery)
Duration of Labor
Maturity in Weeks
Cran Max
Postnatal Complication
Fetal Anomaly
DNC (Dilation and Curettage)
DVT (Deep Vein Thrombosis)
IGF (Intrauterine Growth Restriction)
Weight of the Baby
Alive and Healthy
Mode of Delivery
Height (referring to Fundal Height)
Longitudinal Cephalic
Risk Factors
Pre-eclampsia
Eclampsia
PIH (Pregnancy Induced Hypertension)
Recurrent Miscarriages
Endocrine Dysfunction
Infertility
Anesthetic Problems
Multiple Pregnancies
Hemoglobinopathy
Congenital Anomaly
TB (Tuberculosis)
HbA1c (Glycated Hemoglobin)
Abdominal Wall Thickness
Placenta Previa
Term
Postnatal Complications
Puerperium Complications
Depression (referring to Postpartum Depression)
Sepsis
RH Incompatibility
Symphysio Fundal Height
Itching in the Vaginal Area
Leakage of Fluid per Vagina
Sono Engagement
Oligohydramnios
Breech Presentation
Cerclage
Anemia
Postpartum Depression
Dexa Scan
Dexamethasone (referred to as Dexa Cortisone)
Tranexamic Acid Injections
Vitamin D
Postpartum Hemorrhage

Make sure that clarification requests are strictly related to the data fields that you will be provided with and do not seek additional information beyond what is provided in the transcription.

The dictionary should be used solely for understanding medical terms in the transcription, not for adding or inferring information not present in the transcription.

The questions asked should contain no extrapolation or assumptions beyond the explicit content of the transcription.

"Additional Information" should contain any information that was present in the transcription but not captured in the data fields

Finally, if there is a particular data field, e.g "weight of baby" which is not mentioned in the transcription at all, there is no need to request for information regarding it. You will consider it an absence of the symptom and fill it as "No" in the EMR. There is no need to ask unnecessary questions regarding these fields. If there are no clarifications required, ask for my acknowledgement.